Where do I get my badge?
When you arrive at the hotel, take the elevators up to the 5th floor. Follow the signs to the Maryland Ballroom Foyer, where you’ll see a banner for Balticon Registration. This is NOT the same area as Hotel Registration. Get in line for Check-In, and have your ID ready.
Registration hours are:
Friday 1pm – 10pm
Saturday 8:45am – 7pm
Sunday 8:45am – 5pm
Monday 10am – 1:30pm

Do I have to show ID?
If you pre-purchased a badge, we would like to make sure that no one else picks up your badge. We are very reasonable about what we consider valid ID; we just need to know the badge is going to the right person. However, if you really don’t want to use your ID, you are always welcome to pay cash at the door!

Can I pick up my spouse/girlfriend/child’s membership as well as my own?
Maybe! You can pick up someone else’s membership IF one of the following is true:
The two memberships share a last name.
The two memberships share an address.
The two memberships were purchased on the same transaction.
You have ID for both memberships.
If you are picking up a membership for someone else, we will also request that you leave us with a cell phone number where we can reach you at con, in case they come looking for their badge at Registration before they find you.

I changed my mind about my badge name! I just came up with the coolest thing, but I put something on my form that I hate now!
That’s okay! When you come to pick up your badge, just let us know you’d like to change your badge name before we print it out, and we can make the change at the door.

We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!
Our badges don’t stink, and yes, you do need one. All Balticon members are required to be have a badge at all times in Balticon spaces.  The badge should be worn so as to be clearly visible and must be presented to any Balticon volunteer checking badges on behalf of the convention.  We encourage members to wear their badges above the waist because a higher number of badges are lost when worn at hip level. If you do lose your badge, you can check at Registration or the Lost & Found at Ops to see if it has been turned in.

Most conventions require you to purchase a new membership if your original badge is lost and has not been found, and that is an option. Such purchases are not refundable if the badge is later located. Alternatively, if the registration lead can confirm that someone has purchased or otherwise been granted a currently valid membership to Balticon, they may, at their discretion, issue a replacement badge.  A donation of at least $20 to BSFS Books For Kids is requested for that service.

What about Participants, Dealers, and Artists?
You should be receiving or have already received a separate email from your respective departments soon with further information. Your badge will still be at Registration for you!